# e-commerce-team-project
Group Project II: E-Commerce Build your own-designed E-Commerce Project following the below requirements:  The project should have three user types: Admin, Client, Seller.   Admin:   Admin shall be able to view all registered clients on the website   Admin shall be able to ban clients  from entering the website  Admin shall be able to add / edit / delete seller (or service provider)  Admin shall be able view general statistics using graphs (Best seller of the week / month / year, Top Client per week/ month / year, total number of products on the website, total number of sellers, total number of sellers, etc. )  Admins shall have a Desktop App built using Electron.js  Client:  Client shall be able to login / register on the website  Client shall be able to surf the website and check posted products / items  Client shall be able to favorite items and check favorited items  Client shall be able to view single item  Client shall be able to search for a specific item by entering keywords  Client shall be able to add items to cart and then checkout (on checkout, we assume that the user paid so a message will be shown saying congratulations, payment succeeded)   Client shall be able to edit profile   Client shall be able to add items to wishlist. Items in wishlist can be automatically go to checkout through on click.    Client shall be able to send vouchers to their friends (optional through QR Code)  Client shall be able to apply discounts when checking out.   Clients shall be able to chat (not necessarily live) with the sellers.   Clients shall be able to reset password (by sending it by email)  Client shall have a web interface (typical website)  Seller:  Seller shall be able to add categories  Seller shall be able to add products under category  Seller shall be able to edit / delete products   Seller shall be able to check the revenue of a certain period of time (last week. last month, last year)  Seller shall be able to create its own discount codes.   Seller shall be able to view Top 5 Products Viewed   Seller shall be able to upload ads that will be displayed on the landing page of the website  Sellers shall have a web interface (with the look and feel of a panel with left menu)  Start designing the wireframes and the mockups. Julien can meet up with you tomorrow only. Please team leaders book a meeting with him ASAP. Ugly projects will lead to immediate contract termination.   You are asked to use Jira (Project Tracking Software for Agile Methodology) and to do standup meetings everyday. Team Leaders should have 5 different screenshots or other types of proofs during the presentation day. Team Leaders should learn Jira, understand it, and pitch it in front of the team members. Teams who link Jira to their GitHub Repos will have an advantage!  You will be using GitHub with different branches. Pull Requests are big plus. Team Leader is the only one who is allowed to merge branches to Main / Origin.   You are obliged to use Axios through the whole project.  Bonus: Implement a lottery system. Clients choose a combination of three numbers. Admins trigger the draw. If 3 numbers are matched, respective clients win 100$ Voucher. Else if 2 numbers are matched, 50$ voucher. Else, 20$ Voucher.   Deadline: Sunday 25th at 11:59 PM. Deliverable: One Repo Link (containing four folders: client-frontend, seller-frontend, admin-electron, and ecommerce-server)  Enjoy the Process !
